add 5.3.4 release notes (#11341)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-5.3.4.md

    <!--executor owner: @zanmato1984-->

    - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)
    - Fix the issue that avg() returns error `ERROR 1105 (HY000): other error for mpp stream: Could not convert to the target type - -value is out of range.` when quering from TiFlash [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
    - Fix the issue that sql returns `ERROR 1105 (HY000): close of nil channel` when using HashJoinExec [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
    - Fix the different return type of date_add and date_sub between TiDB and MySQL. Change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)
    - Fix the problem that tikv and tiflash return different results when query logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)

    <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->
    

>     - Fix the issue explain analyze with DML executors may respond to the client before the transaction commit has finished. [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue explain analyze with DML executors may respond to the client before the transaction commit has finished. [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)
    - Fix the issue that the region cache after merging many regions is not cleared properly [37174](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37174)
```

    <!--planner owner: @qw4990-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the EXECUTE might throw an unexpected error in specific scenarios [#37187](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37187)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `GROUP CONCAT` with `ORDER BY` might fail when the `ORDER BY` clause contains a correlated subquery [#18216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18216)
    - Fix the issue that wrong length and width are set for Decimal and Real when using plan-cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)

+ TiKV

    <!--owner: @v01dstar-->

+ PD

    <!--owner: @nolouch-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that PD cannot correctly handle dashboard proxy requests [#5321](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5321)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the TiFlash learner replica might not be created in specific scenarios [#5401](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5401)
    - (dup) Fix inaccurate Stream timeout and accelerate leader switchover [#5207](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5207)

+ TiFlash

    <!--compute owner: @zanmato1984-->

>     - fix: the results of tikv and tiflash are different [#5849](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/5849)
>     - fix inconsistent result before deleting some rows [#6127](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/6127)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that logical operators return wrong results when the argument type is UInt8  [#6127](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/6127)
```

    <!--storage owner: @flowbehappy-->

>     - Fix an invalid default value cause bootstrap failed [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)

Reviewer 2: Fix the issue that TiFlash crash due to using `0.0` as the integer's default value. E.g. `i` int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0.0' [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR)

    <!--owner: @3pointer-->

    + Dumpling

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

    - Fix the issue that dumpling can't dump with `--compress` and s3 output directory [#35356](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/35356)]
```

    + TiCDC

    <!--owner: @nongfushanquan-->

>       - use white list for retryable error [#6698](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6698)

Reviewer 4: Fix a issue that causes MySQL related error does not report to owner in time.

>       - use white list for retryable error [#6698](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6698)

Author: ```suggestion
      - Fix a issue that causes MySQL related error does not report to owner in time [#6698](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6698)
```

    <!--storage owner: @flowbehappy-->

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR)

    <!--owner: @3pointer-->

    + Dumpling

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

    + TiCDC

    <!--owner: @nongfushanquan-->

    + TiDB Binlog

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

    + TiDB Lightning

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

    + TiDB Data Migration (DM)

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

## Bug fixes

+ TiDB

    <!--sql-infra owner: @Defined2014-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the Region cache is not cleaned up in time when the Region is merged[#37141](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37141)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that TiDB writes wrong data due to the wrong encoding of the ENUM or SET column [#32302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/32302)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that database-level privileges are incorrectly cleaned up [#38363](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38363)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `grantor` field is missing in the `mysql.tables_priv` table [#38293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38293)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `KILL TIDB` cannot take effect immediately on idle connections [#24031](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/24031)

>     - change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string [#36394](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)
>     - fix(parser): restore table option INSERT_METHOD should use WriteKeyWord [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)
>     - fix authentication with MySQL 5.1 and older clients [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
    - Fix return type to string for `adddate` and `subdate` functions [#36394](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)
    - Fix restore table option `INSERT_METHOD` incompatible with MySQL [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)
    - Fix authentication with MySQL 5.1 and older clients [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)
```

    <!--executor owner: @zanmato1984-->

    - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)
    - avoid sum from avg overflow [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
    - add an unit test case for unreasonable invoking Close [#30587](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27125)
    - HashJoinExec checks the buildError even if the probeSide is empty [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
    - expression: resize the result for IfXXSig [#37414](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37414)
    - change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string. [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)
    - fix hashjoin goleak [#39026](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/39026)
    - fix: the results of tikv and tiflash are different [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)

>     <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->

Reviewer 6: - Fix the issue explain analyze with DML executors may respond to the client before the transaction commit has finished. [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)

Author: Added

>     <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->

Author: ```suggestion
    <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->
    
    - Fix the issue explain analyze with DML executors may respond to the client before the transaction commit has finished. [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)
```

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the Region cache is not cleaned up in time when the Region is merged[#37141](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37141)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that TiDB writes wrong data due to the wrong encoding of the ENUM or SET column [#32302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/32302)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that database-level privileges are incorrectly cleaned up [#38363](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38363)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `grantor` field is missing in the `mysql.tables_priv` table [#38293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38293)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `KILL TIDB` cannot take effect immediately on idle connections [#24031](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/24031)
    - Fix return type to string for `adddate` and `subdate` functions [#36394](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)
    - Fix restore table option `INSERT_METHOD` incompatible with MySQL [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)
    - Fix authentication with MySQL 5.1 and older clients [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)

    <!--executor owner: @zanmato1984-->

>     - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
>     - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)
>     - avoid sum from avg overflow [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
>     - add an unit test case for unreasonable invoking Close [#30587](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27125)
>     - HashJoinExec checks the buildError even if the probeSide is empty [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
>     - expression: resize the result for IfXXSig [#37414](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37414)
>     - change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string. [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)
>     - fix hashjoin goleak [#39026](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/39026)
>     - fix: the results of tikv and tiflash are different [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)
    - Fix the issue that avg() returns error `ERROR 1105 (HY000): other error for mpp stream: Could not convert to the target type - -value is out of range.` when quering from TiFlash [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
    - Fix the issue that sql returns `ERROR 1105 (HY000): close of nil channel` when using HashJoinExec [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
    - Change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)
    - Fix the problem that tikv and tiflash return different results when query logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)
```

    <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->
    
    - Fix the issue explain analyze with DML executors may respond to the client before the transaction commit has finished. [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)

    <!--planner owner: @qw4990-->

>     - (dup) Fix the issue that the EXECUTE might throw an unexpected error in specific scenarios [#37187](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37187)
>     - (dup) Fix the issue that `GROUP CONCAT` with `ORDER BY` might fail when the `ORDER BY` clause contains a correlated subquery [#18216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18216)
>     - Fix the issue that set wrong length and width for Decimal and Real when using plan-cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)
>     - add an unit test case for unreasonable invoking Close [#27125](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27125)

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the EXECUTE might throw an unexpected error in specific scenarios [#37187](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37187)
    - Fix the issue that `GROUP CONCAT` with `ORDER BY` might fail when the `ORDER BY` clause contains a correlated subquery [#18216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18216)
    - Fix the issue that wrong length and width are set for Decimal and Real when using plan-cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)
```

Author: @chrysan The `dup` label marks the notes that have been released in other patch or minor releases, such as v6.1.2. I will remove the label after final review. For now, we can keep it and reduce the workload for both tech reviewers and editorial reviewers.

+ TiKV

    <!--owner: @v01dstar-->

+ PD

    <!--owner: @nolouch-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that PD cannot correctly handle dashboard proxy requests [#5321](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5321)

>     - (dup) Fix the issue that the TiFlash learner replica might not be created [#5401](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5401)

Author: ```suggestion
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the TiFlash learner replica might not be created in specific scenarios [#5401](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5401)
```

    - (dup) Reload TLS certificate automatically for each update to improve availability [#12546](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/12546)

## Bug fixes

+ TiDB

    <!--sql-infra owner: @Defined2014-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the Region cache is not cleaned up in time when the Region is merged[#37141](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37141)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that TiDB writes wrong data due to the wrong encoding of the ENUM or SET column [#32302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/32302)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that database-level privileges are incorrectly cleaned up [#38363](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38363)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `grantor` field is missing in the `mysql.tables_priv` table [#38293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38293)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `KILL TIDB` cannot take effect immediately on idle connections [#24031](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/24031)
    - Fix the issue that the return type of `date_add` and `date_sub` is different between TiDB and MySQL [#36394], [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)(https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)

>     - Fix incorrect `INSERT_METHOD` in Parser's restore table options [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)

Author: @Defined2014 PTAL

    - Fix the issue that authentication fails when a MySQL client of v5.1 or earlier connects with the TiDB server [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)

    <!--executor owner: @zanmato1984-->

    - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)
    - Fix the issue that the `avg()` function returns `ERROR 1105 (HY000): other error for mpp stream: Could not convert to the target type - -value is out of range.` when queried from TiFlash [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
    - Fix the issue that `ERROR 1105 (HY000): close of nil channel` is returned when using `HashJoinExec` [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)

>     - Fix the issue that TiKV and TiFlash return different results when query logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiKV and TiFlash return different results when querying logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)
```

    <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` statement with DML executors might return result before the transaction commit finishes [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)
    - Fix the issue that Region cache is not cleared properly after merging many Regions [#37174](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37174)

    <!--planner owner: @qw4990-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the EXECUTE might throw an unexpected error in specific scenarios [#37187](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37187)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `GROUP CONCAT` with `ORDER BY` might fail when the `ORDER BY` clause contains a correlated subquery [#18216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18216)

>     - Fix the issue of wrong results that occur because wrong length and width values are set for Decimal and Real when using plan cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix wrong results returned when length and width are incorrectly set for Decimal and Real when using plan cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)
```

+ PD

    <!--owner: @nolouch-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that PD cannot correctly handle dashboard proxy requests [#5321](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5321)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the TiFlash learner replica might not be created in specific scenarios [#5401](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5401)
    - (dup) Fix inaccurate Stream timeout and accelerate leader switchover [#5207](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5207)

+ TiFlash

    <!--compute owner: @zanmato1984-->

>     - Fix the issue that logical operators return wrong results when the argument type is UInt8  [#6127](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/6127)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that logical operators return wrong results when the argument type is UInt8 [#6127](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/6127)
```

    <!--storage owner: @flowbehappy-->

>     - Fix the issue that TiFlash bootstrap fails caused by using `0.0` as the default value for integers. For example,`` `i` int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0.0'`` [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash bootstrap fails when `0.0` is used as the default value for integers, for example, `` `i` int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0.0'`` [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)
```

+ Tools

    + Dumpling

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

>         - Fix the issue that Dumpling cannot dump when the `--compress` option and the S3 output directory are set simultaneously [#30534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30534)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that Dumpling cannot dump data when the `--compress` option and the S3 output directory are set simultaneously [#30534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30534)
```

---
title: TiDB 5.3.4 Release Note
---

# TiDB 5.3.4 Release Note

Release date: xx, xx, 2022

TiDB version: 5.3.4

## Improvements

+ TiKV

    <!--owner: @v01dstar-->

    - (dup) Reload TLS certificate automatically for each update to improve availability [#12546](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/12546)

## Bug fixes

+ TiDB

    <!--sql-infra owner: @Defined2014-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the Region cache is not cleaned up in time when the Region is merged[#37141](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37141)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that TiDB writes wrong data due to the wrong encoding of the ENUM or SET column [#32302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/32302)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that database-level privileges are incorrectly cleaned up [#38363](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38363)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `grantor` field is missing in the `mysql.tables_priv` table [#38293](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38293)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `KILL TIDB` cannot take effect immediately on idle connections [#24031](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/24031)

>     - Fix return type to string for `adddate` and `subdate` functions [#36394](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the return type of `date_add` and `date_sub` is different between TiDB and MySQL [#36394], [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)(https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36394)
```

>     - Fix restore table option `INSERT_METHOD` incompatible with MySQL [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)
>     - Fix authentication with MySQL 5.1 and older clients [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix incorrect `INSERT_METHOD` in Parser's restore table options [#38368](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38368)
    - Fix the issue that authentication fails when a MySQL client of v5.1 or earlier connects with the TiDB server [#29725](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29725)
```

    <!--executor owner: @zanmato1984-->

    - (dup) Fix wrong results of `GREATEST` and `LEAST` when passing in unsigned `BIGINT` arguments [#30101](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30101)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the result of `concat(ifnull(time(3))` in TiDB is different from that in MySQL [#29498](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29498)

>     - Fix the issue that avg() returns error `ERROR 1105 (HY000): other error for mpp stream: Could not convert to the target type - -value is out of range.` when querying from TiFlash [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
>     - Fix the issue that sql returns `ERROR 1105 (HY000): close of nil channel` when using HashJoinExec [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
>     - Fix the different return type of date_add and date_sub between TiDB and MySQL. Change date_add and date_sub string_(int/string/real/decimal) function return type to string [#27573](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27573)
>     - Fix the problem that tikv and tiflash return different results when query logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `avg()` function returns `ERROR 1105 (HY000): other error for mpp stream: Could not convert to the target type - -value is out of range.` when queried from TiFlash [#29952](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29952)
    - Fix the issue that `ERROR 1105 (HY000): close of nil channel` is returned when using `HashJoinExec` [#30289](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30289)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV and TiFlash return different results when query logical operations [#37258](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37258)
```

    <!--transaction owner: @cfzjywxk-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` statement with DML executors might return result before the transaction commit finishes [#37373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37373)

>     - Fix the issue that the region cache after merging many regions is not cleared properly [#37174](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37174)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that after merging many Regions the Region cache is not cleared properly [#37174](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37174)
```

    <!--planner owner: @qw4990-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that the EXECUTE might throw an unexpected error in specific scenarios [#37187](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/37187)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that `GROUP CONCAT` with `ORDER BY` might fail when the `ORDER BY` clause contains a correlated subquery [#18216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18216)

>     - Fix the issue that wrong length and width are set for Decimal and Real when using plan-cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue of wrong results that occur because wrong length and width values are set for Decimal and Real when using plan cache [#29565](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/29565)
```

+ PD

    <!--owner: @nolouch-->

    - (dup) Fix the issue that PD cannot correctly handle dashboard proxy requests [#5321](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5321)
    - (dup) Fix the issue that the TiFlash learner replica might not be created in specific scenarios [#5401](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5401)
    - (dup) Fix inaccurate Stream timeout and accelerate leader switchover [#5207](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/5207)

+ TiFlash

    <!--compute owner: @zanmato1984-->

    - Fix the issue that logical operators return wrong results when the argument type is UInt8  [#6127](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/6127)

    <!--storage owner: @flowbehappy-->

>     - Fix the issue that TiFlash crash due to using `0.0` as the integer's default value. E.g. `i` int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0.0' [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiFlash bootstrap fails caused by using `0.0` as the default value for integers. For example,`` `i` int(11) NOT NULL DEFAULT '0.0'`` [#3157](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/3157)
```

+ Tools

    + Dumpling

    <!--owner: @niubell-->

>         - Fix the issue that dumpling can't dump with `--compress` option and s3 output directory [#30534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30534)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that Dumpling cannot dump when the `--compress` option and the S3 output directory are set simultaneously [#30534](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30534)
```

    + TiCDC

    <!--owner: @nongfushanquan-->

>         - Fix a issue that causes MySQL related error not reported to owner in time [#6698](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6698)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that changefeed state is incorrect because a MySQL-related error is not reported to the owner in time [#6698](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6698)
```
